Welcome, you're an expert
on transformers by now.
In this week I will push
the transformer model even further,
to make it work on really long sequences.
First, let's see examples of tasks
where this is needed, let's dive in.
>> Tasks with long sequences in
NLP include many applications,
and are becoming
increasingly sophisticated.
Well known use cases include
writing books and storytelling, or
building intelligent agents for
conversations like chatbots.
In fact, it's becoming increasingly
difficult to tell if the book
here reading was written by a human or
AI, or
if the conversation you're having
is rael or with the computer.
The models behind these long
sequence applications presents
considerable challenges,
largely due to their size in training.
Many are based on the GPT-3
transformer model,
which is just a larger version of GPT-2
that you already know from previous weeks.
But these models can take industrial scale
compute and cost a lot of money to train.
This week I will show you some of the
bottlenecks in these larger transformer
models, and solutions you can use
to make them trainable for you.
I'll teach you about the re former model
known as the reversible transformer,
I'll explain why it's important and
how it works.
Then you will use this new
knowledge to build and
train a real working chatbot
in this week's assignments.
You'll be able to ask it anything
you like on almost any topic at all.
Processing long text sequences is
at the core of building chatbots.
A chatbot model needs to use all
the previous pieces of the conversation as
inputs for the next reply, this can make
for some really big context Windows.
But what exactly is a chatbot, and
how does it relate to say context
based question and answer, and
closed loop based question and answer
that you learned in the previous weeks.
To recap the context based Q and
A needs both a question and
relevant text from where it's
going to retrieve an answer.
Closed loop Q and A, however,
doesn't need extra text to go along
with a question or prompt from a human.
All the knowledge is stored in the weights
of the model itself during training.
And this is how your chat bot will work,
and what you learn to do this week.
So you'll use all the knowledge of NLP you
built over the previous three courses,
and the power of transformers over long
sequences to build your own chatbots in
this week's assignments.
It's going to be fun.
>> Now you've seen a number of tasks where
the sequence to generate is quite long,
much longer than just one or
a few sentences.
Could we just apply
the transformer to these tasks?
Next I'll show you why it's not that
simple, let's go to the next video.